All right, in the last section, we have finished our card that year and made our website responsive
by adding the greats like.
And we just change to create columns.
No, after the small large x large and two x large in this section, we're going to deploy our website
to herself and finally apply it to a custom.
You are our.
So here we open in New Tab and we go to air.
Searching the Google herself.
In the search results, we click on Verso dot com.
Once you are inside the vessel, that's calm, you need to sign up or log in.
If you already sign up, it's free, completely free and it's just near your name or your email, and
then you just need to log in.
I'm going to use my guitar to log in, so it's just because my GitHub is already open and another tab.
So when once I click on the guitar, I'm going to directly go inside?
All right.
Once I came inside, I can see my previous deployment.
And.
Here I can click on new projects.
And in the left side, you can't see all my get repositories.
So, no, we have created our.
This is the last one movie app, version eight for me, and it was 17 minutes ago.
Here you can see the 17 or 60 minutes ago I committed the last one, so it automatically came here,
but you have to sign in with your kids, get half true.
They were so to see this picture.
Otherwise you just click on, log in with your getup.
Once you see this section, you just import the application you would like to deploy to where so I click
here on import.
And it's suggests me project name.
That's fine movie version eight.
It's already detected that it's next year, and also we need to add our environmental variables so we
go back to visual studio code and inside it that envy that local.
We just get our API key.
And paste it here.
And also, we get the tea itself and paste it here and click on at.
And now we can deploy the website if you just click on Deploy.
He usually takes about I feel it's 45 second to one minute.
So in the meantime, let's go to I want to go to my two Google.
Domain.
So inside Google search Google domains because I have my domain on Google domain, but you can go to
your own, uh, domain.
Website and get all the information and change it, so are you.
I personally use Google domains because it's very secure.
It's similar to your Gmail.
This same security and once you.
Select your VIPs, I want to use this 100th day as projects dot com my website once.
If you don't have you, just you can buy a new website so you just go to all domains and purchase a
new domain.
And once you are inside the 100 genius projects dot com or your your website, you go to DNS.
And here.
Uh, you see my previous, uh, deployments here, you click on Manage Customer Records and here.
I want to add a new record, so here, click I click on, create new records and I just call this sub
domain movie app.
Version eight.
So the tie up is a and in order to get this IPV four addressee, you just need to go to work so.
Here.
You can see that already our website is deployed to reverse all and the.
If you click on the website.
You see that the domain domain name is movie eight and some thing else.
Dot app versus that app.
All right.
But I want to change this one to my custom domain, which is 100 just.
Uh, projects project.
So I go to the view domains and here you see that this is our domain now movie app version eight that
were so that you can open it, they can see our website.
All right.
But I don't want this domain, which is a death reversal.
Let's go to.
And it's my own domain, which is Moby.
App version eight.
Dot hundreds.
Yes.
Projects dot com?
Yeah, I added.
Once you add it, it's automatically add to the SSL, the configuration and everything, you just need
to click on edit.
And go to DNS records.
And here you can get the.
This value.
Seventy six, this is my.
IPV.
All right.
Just copy this and you go back to Google domains and paste that here.
You see, this is all always the same.
All right.
Once I save it.
Now, if I copy this URL and paste it here.
You can see that our website is completely live in our custom domain.
You can actually directly put it in hundred-year, yes, that's come as well, but because I already
have something else in my domain, I added, It's up to me.
If you want to add it directly, you just need to.
And let me show you.
Instead of writing off movie half versions, six or something like that, you just add.
At Star.
Or make it empty, so it means that this is just a hundred chicks that come.
All right.
But otherwise, if you want to sub domain, you just write down whatever you like to have before your
actual domain.
All right.
This is our best scientists.
It's completely responsive and it's very fast.
It's faster than local hosts, actually when you deploy it.
So when we click on top rated, you see that quickly loads all the images.
And trending as well.
Later later, I'm going to add more functionality to this website, so please wait for the updates of
this project.
I'm going to add more functionality.
And but you can use the other projects and wait for other projects as well, so see you in the next
project.